Release 20210330 (#905)
publiccodenet/about: activities/value-and-impact/all-press.md

---
type: resource
---

# All press and media mentions of the Foundation for Public Code

Here's the complete list of all mentions of the Foundation for Public Code on third party platforms.

We're always happy to work with journalists  - just email us at <press@publiccode.net>.

You may also be interested in:

> * [a list of policy documents that mention the Foundation for Public Code](https://about.publiccode.net/activities/value-and-impact/policy-documents.html)

Reviewer: This should be a relative link

```suggestion
* [a list of policy documents that mention the Foundation for Public Code](policy-documents.md)
```
